Add glossary entries for ambient (#12805)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/ztunnel.md

---
title: ztunnel
test: n/a
---

> Ztunnel refers to the node proxy component of [ambient](/docs/reference/glossary/#ambient) [data plane mode](/docs/reference/glossary/#data-plane-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ztunnel refers to the node proxy component of [ambient](/docs/reference/glossary/#ambient) data plane mode.
```

> Ztunnel runs on each node and securely transmits traffic using the {{< gloss >}}HBONE{{< /gloss >}} protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ztunnel runs on each node and securely transmits traffic using the [HBONE](/docs/reference/glossary/#HBONE) protocol.
```
